README.md, before:

## ogx360_t4
A port of https://github.com/Ryzee119/ogx360.git, a project to use modern USB game controllers on the original Xbox console to the Teensy4.1.. 

The has a new USB Host Stack, USB Device Stack and significantly more processing power which opens up future possibilities of emulating xbox live headsets, Xbox memory units and supporting far more USB devices.

Finally, hardly any soldering is required.

## Needed Parts
| Qty | Part Description | Link |
|--|--|--|
| 1 | Teensy 4.1 | https://www.pjrc.com/store/teensy41.html |
| 1 | USB Host Cable | https://www.pjrc.com/store/cable_usb_host_t36.html |
| 1 | 0.1" Pin Header | https://www.pjrc.com/store/header_24x1.html |
| 1 | Xbox to MicroUSB | [ChimericSystems](https://www.chimericsystems.com/product/micro-usb-to-xbox-cable/) or [Alibaba (Large MOQ!)](https://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/for-XBOX-MicroUSB-Cable-for-Xbox_62222784495.html) or DIY |

## Supported Controllers
- Bluetooth 8bitdo/compatible controllers via the [8BitDo Wireless USB Adapter](https://www.8bitdo.com/wireless-usb-adapter/)
- Wired 8bitdo controllers when they are started in X-input mode.
- Xbox one Wired (Genuine Only)
- Xbox 360 Wired
- Xbox 360 Wireless (Via PC USB Receiver)
- PS4 Wired

## Compile
### CLI (Requires python and python-pip)
```
git clone https://github.com/Ryzee119/ogx360_t4.git --recursive
python -m pip install --upgrade pip
pip install platformio
cd ogx360_t4
platformio run -e teensy41
```
### Visual Studio Code
* Download and install [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/).
* Install the [PlatformIO IDE](https://platformio.org/platformio-ide) plugin.
* Clone this repo recursively `git clone https://github.com/Ryzee119/usb64.git --recursive`
* In Visual Studio Code `File > Open Folder... > ogx360_t4`
* Hit build on the Platform IO toolbar (`✓`).

## Program
### Teensy (using Teensy Loader)
* Connect the Teensy to your PC using a MicroUSB cable.
* Run the [Teensy Loader Application](https://www.pjrc.com/teensy/loader.html).

### Teensy (using Visual Studio Code)
* Setup Visual Studio Code as per the Compile instructions.
* Hit the program button on the Platform IO toolbar (`→`).

Commit message:

CI: Add build script
* Create build.yml

* Update build.yml

* Update build.yml

* Update build.yml

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

## ogx360_t4
![Build](https://github.com/Ryzee119/ogx360_t4/workflows/Build/badge.svg)

A port of https://github.com/Ryzee119/ogx360.git, a project to use modern USB game controllers on the original Xbox console to the Teensy4.1.  

The has a new USB Host Stack, USB Device Stack and significantly more processing power which opens up future possibilities of emulating xbox live headsets, Xbox memory units and supporting far more USB devices.

Finally, hardly any soldering is required.

## Needed Parts
| Qty | Part Description | Link |
|--|--|--|
| 1 | Teensy 4.1 | https://www.pjrc.com/store/teensy41.html |
| 1 | USB Host Cable | https://www.pjrc.com/store/cable_usb_host_t36.html |
| 1 | 0.1" Pin Header | https://www.pjrc.com/store/header_24x1.html |
| 1 | Winbond W25Q128 SPI Flash (128Mbit) | (Only needed for XMU emulation) |
| 1 | Xbox to MicroUSB | [ChimericSystems](https://www.chimericsystems.com/product/micro-usb-to-xbox-cable/) or [Alibaba (Large MOQ!)](https://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/for-XBOX-MicroUSB-Cable-for-Xbox_62222784495.html) or DIY |

## Supported Controllers
- Bluetooth 8bitdo/compatible controllers via the [8BitDo Wireless USB Adapter](https://www.8bitdo.com/wireless-usb-adapter/)
- Wired 8bitdo controllers when they are started in X-input mode.
- Xbox one Wired (Genuine Only)
- Xbox 360 Wired
- Xbox 360 Wireless (Via PC USB Receiver)
- PS4 Wired

## Compile
### CLI (Requires python and python-pip)
```
git clone https://github.com/Ryzee119/ogx360_t4.git --recursive
python -m pip install --upgrade pip
pip install platformio
cd ogx360_t4
platformio run -e teensy41
```
### Visual Studio Code
* Download and install [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/).
* Install the [PlatformIO IDE](https://platformio.org/platformio-ide) plugin.
* Clone this repo recursively `git clone https://github.com/Ryzee119/usb64.git --recursive`
* In Visual Studio Code `File > Open Folder... > ogx360_t4`
* Hit build on the Platform IO toolbar (`✓`).

## Program
### Teensy (using Teensy Loader)
* Connect the Teensy to your PC using a MicroUSB cable.
* Run the [Teensy Loader Application](https://www.pjrc.com/teensy/loader.html).

### Teensy (using Visual Studio Code)
* Setup Visual Studio Code as per the Compile instructions.
* Hit the program button on the Platform IO toolbar (`→`).
